User Scenario 1:
GB recently moved to Canada. As a native Japanese speaker he has been using Phonetics to help him learn English more quickly. One area he has been struggling with is differentiating between the "r" and "l" sounds. He decides he will use Phonetics' listening mode to help him practice. GB opens the Phonetics app, selects his profile and enters his password. From the home screen he chooses the listening module, (are there more choices after this?). The app presents him with a choice of two words: "rock" and "lock" and a play button. When GB presses the play button Phonetics plays a sentence containing containing one of the two words. Based on what GB thinks he heard he chooses "rock". Immediately the app responds that that was the correct response. GB repeats this process for another 10 min before ending his practice session by pressing the done button at the bottom of the screen (We can change this easily). When his session ends Phonetics informs GB that he was 70% accurate for his session, then updates his life time average to 64% finally it shows him that he has added 10 min towards his weekly practice goal of 100 min. GB closes the app with a sense of satisfaction that he is improving.

2:
Christina is the lead designer for a Canadian based tech company. Her company is trying to make a deal with an important client in France and Christina is going to give a presentation what her company's product will offer them. The presentation will be in French. Christina has been using Phonetics to practice her French pronunciation skills. The presentation is tomorrow so Christina decides she will do one last practice session. She opens Phonetics, selects her profile, and enters her password. From the home screen she chooses the advanced French speaking module. Phonetics presents Christina with a challenging word in French and asks her to say it. Christina presses the record button and says the word. Immediately Phonetics tells her that she got the word correct (does it do a % correct here?) and then presents her with another word to practice. As her practice session continues and Christina continues to excel Phonetics gives Christina more complicated words and even sentences to say in order to challenge her (I don't know if we want to do this but it might be nice). After 15 min of practice Christina ends the session and Phonetics tells her that she was 95% accurate and updates her lifetime average to 88%. Finally Phonetics tell her that she has reached her goal for the week. Christina closes the app with confidence that her presentation tomorrow will go smoothly. 

3:
Cindy has been using Phonetics for the past year and is interested in seeing how she has improved since she started. She opens Phonetics, selects her profile, and enters her password. From the home screen Cindy selects the menu button in the top right and then chooses the statistics option (Is this how we get there???). This brings up her statistics since she started using Phonetics. She can see that her overall listening accuracy for German is 92% but is only 67% for speaking German. Cindy taps on the listening accuracy statistic and Phonetics shows her a graph of her progress over the year as well as the time she spent in Phonetics. Cindy is happy to see that as she increased the amount of time she used Phonetics the more accurate her scores became. She navigates back to the stat screen and selects the her German speaking statistic. Once again Phonetics shows here a graph of her progress over the year and her time spent practicing in Phonetics. Cindy notices that at first her accuracy increased but then plateaued. She also notices that her practice time has flatlined since she began using Phonetics. Cindy decides it is time she starts practicing speaking German more often. She selects the menu button in the top right and selects the goal option. From here she presses the plus button in the top right to add a new goal. She selects new weekly goal from the options, then selects increasing time goal, selects the german speaking module, and finally sets the intial time to be 60 min. Phonetics confirms that her new goal has been created. Cindy returns to the home menu and selects German speaking to begin working towards her new goal. 

4: 
Colin is in grade 1 and is trying to learn to read better. I'll finish this one in class! 